>> off screen male: Is there a particular
reason why you're calling that context
instead of state?
Is it just-
>> Brian Holt: Because it is context,
that's what it is.
It happens to be the state of app but
it doesn't have to be.
And searchParams itself
could have state as well.
It doesn't in this case.
So this .state would typically refer
to the state of the actual component,
not the context.
I would always call this context.
>> off screen male: Is there any, you
said that searchParams could have state,
if it did have state and you're injecting
context, is there any conflict?
I don't know,
it seems almost like cuz they're
both handling-
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> off screen male: State type of thing.
>> Brian Holt: So it is an arrow function,
so you can refer to both of them, right?
This is not, we don't have to use
this in here, this will still
refer to searchParams and searchParams
might have, is this check box checks?
Is this other, what's the active
thing showing at the moment, so
it'll have like more view
state kind of things.
And context will provide two
more app state things, right?
In our case, the app state is
what breeds are we searching for,
what animals are we searching for?
Not necessarily what
thumbnail are we showing,
what is the active hero image,
right, that's more view state.
>> off screen male: So its more of
an architectural thing where you,
if you're messing it up is probably
the way you structured it.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
it's a choice for sure.
They don't tie your hands
behind your back and
say you can't put this thing in context.
You can put whatever you want in context.
It's just a bad idea.
Does that answer your question?
>> off screen male: Yep.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, other questions?
These are great questions.
>> off screen male: How
do you switch contexts?
>> Brian Holt: How do you switch contexts,
as in if you have multiple
consumers in one place?
I'm assuming that's the question,
which it's a good question.
I'll answer that one.
If it's not, then the person can
clarify and we'll answer that one too.
So assume I had UserContext, right?
We're making this up, we're not gonna code
it, but assume there is UserContext here.
First thing I would do is I would say
Consumer as SearchContext, is as,
and then here as UserContext.
Change this to SearchContext.
>> Brian Holt: And SearchContext,
and then this would probably,
I would need to change it to
SearchContext or something like that.
Sorry, I said this consumer,
I actually want to call this consumer.
>> Brian Holt: So let's do this.
>> Brian Holt: Same thing here,
UserConsumer, right?
And then outside of that,
you would just have UserConsumer.
And it doesn't matter which one's on
the outside as long as they're both
wrapping it, right?
>> Brian Holt: And
then you would have UserContext,
>> Brian Holt: And so on and so forth.
You kinda get the point here.
So you just kinda keep wrapping them and
then you can refer to
them as different things.
>> off screen male: So wrapping's
just putting it into scope, right?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, exactly.
>> Brian Holt: Hopefully,
I answered that person's question.
>> off screen male: I guess,
in the situation,
he was talking about if you
had a UserContext that had,
one was an admin, one was a regular
user being able to display.
>> Brian Holt: Sure, you would just
handle that like normal state, right?
That's no different than how you
would handle any other piece of data.
What I like about context
is that it's just state.
Still at the end of it the day,
it's just react state.
In fact, it doesn't even have to be state.
Imagine you were doing a theme, right?
So I would say import Consumer or
as ThemeConsumer.
>> Brian Holt: And I would wrap it around.
And your theme is not changing, right?
You make one theme and you use it
throughout your entire web page.
So instead of having, here in app.js,
instead of saying this
.state I could just say,
assuming this was the one for
the theme, right?
We could just say it's the dark theme,
right, and just pass in static data, and
just read that through it.
It doesn't have to be dynamic, right?
It might be dynamic, but
if you look at the React docs,
their example is theme, right?
And you would just say, okay,
when this is dark everywhere and so
everyone would read from that dark thing
and then everything would be dark, right?
So this is just props and state, right?
It's just props and state but we're just
kind of using a portal to move it around.
It's all context